link: http://newsland.com/news/detail/id/448762/
date: 2015-jan-02

Monkey beat governing mutual funds

Paradox. Funny experiment "Finance" has led to a striking result:
investment portfolio, assembled circus monkey, a year rose a much stronger
than shares most famous funds.

A year ago, the "Finance" commissioned "employee" of the state cultural institutions
"Theatre" Durov "" - monkey Luker - make your own
investment portfolio. In the presence of a "lottery" of the nine representatives of the commission
the financial sector and the trainer Svetlana Maximova Luker, guided
reasons unknown to us, one by one grabbed eight of 30 cubes with the words,
designating listed shares. Between them and was distributed virtual 1 million rubles.
It was assumed that the monkey has spent on each of the eight blocks of shares in the same amount,
concluding transactions at prices close of trading on the MICEX on December 17. Since "buy" committed
in accordance with the magnitude of the actual items on the stock exchange, could not distribute the entire amount
with apothecary accuracy. Formed a symbolic cash balance of 710 rubles.

During the year "F." regularly watched the changed value of the virtual portfolio of the investor-monkey.
And did not stop surprising results: on a monthly, semi-annual and in the range they are often
is higher than many mutual funds with big names. It is often an investment Luker
It grows faster than the RTS and MICEX. "Nothing is random. These conclusions can be
We do only in the long run, "- reassured us about yourself as well as managers often
soothe customers who are dissatisfied with their work. Finally it was time to bring the annual results -
more significant than all the intermediate.

Nature's mistake. A year ago, telling the magazine about this venture, we advised skeptics
do not rush to conclusions. Indeed, on the one hand "irrational" animal had
"Compete" in the struggle for profitability with an army of educated and experienced financiers,
who also had a huge head start in the form of opportunities to constantly change its structure
portfolios, playing the most attractive investment ideas. On the other hand, when such
The experiment was conducted in America, "colleague" Luker went and walked around ... more than 70% of professionals.

Thus, the silence in the hall. To succeed in this room, we had to shift almost yearly range:
calculations carried out for the period from 15 December 2008 to 15 December 2009.
During this time, the MICEX index rose by 107%, RTS - 103%. The average yield
All 372 existing mutual funds more than a year for which information is contained in the database of the National League
Governors, has not held up to 100%. If we reject obviously less profitable bond funds
and the money market, the average increase in the share of the remaining mutual funds amounted to 109%.
And our monkey earned - hold the chairs - 194%.
Luker could manage only 18 of the 312 mutual funds shares, investment funds and mixed funds.
Portfolio circus monkey for the year showed a higher yield,
than 94% of Russian investment collective control.

Monkeys lucky. Of course, the results of an unusual experiment can be treated with humor.
Perhaps if competing with each other 312 monkeys, their performance would be even more dispersed,
profitability than many mutual funds. Obviously, Luker incredibly lucky with the "prefecture" Sberbank
which alone in its portfolio have demonstrated extraordinary gains and other components
rose as a whole "within reasonable limits" on rapidly growing market. It is possible,
that on long-range success Luker several darkened.
We have it, by the way, check it out.
Переводчик Google для бизнеса –Инструменты переводчикаПереводчик сайтовСлужба "Анализ рынков"

